README.md, before:

# Twitch Poll Viewer #

View twitch polls on OBS

![poll sample](deploy/assets/poll_sample.png)

---

### WARNING: This application relies on polling Twitch, and is thus unsuitable for running for long periods of time. ###

You should be fine running it for a stream segment that uses a poll or two, or an entire stream dedicated to running polls, but it should not be kept running 24/7, or for every single stream.

### Requirements: ###

1. Twitch Affiliate (to run polls)
2. Twitch 2FA Enabled

# Setup Guide #

**Note:** If you are running another application like the [twitch hue interface](https://github.com/Roadcrosser/channelpoint-hue), some steps may be different. An advanced guide for these cases will be written eventually.

1. Download the latest version of the Twitch Poll Viewer from the [Releases page](https://github.com/Roadcrosser/twitch-poll-viewer/releases) and unzip it somewhere.
2. Open `config.yaml` in a text editor like Notepad (or [Notepad++](https://notepad-plus-plus.org/)). If the file is not present, run the `.exe` file once to generate it.
3. Create a Twitch Application [here](https://dev.twitch.tv/console/apps/create).
    - Your application name has to be unique (much like usernames), so a name like `YOUR_USERNAME_HERE Polls` should be fine
    - Add `http://localhost:17563` under **Oauth Redirect URLs**. Remember to click **Add**
    - Select `Application Integration` as your **Category** (not that it matters).
    - It should look something like the image below. Click **Create** when you are done, and then **Manage** on your application once it is created.
        - ![setup create application](deploy/assets/setup_create_application.png)
4. On your **Manage Application** page, click the **New Secret** button at the bottom and click **OK** on the prompt.
5. Copy your **Client ID** and **Client Secret** values that are displayed on the **Manage Application** page and copy them to `CLIENT_ID` and `CLIENT_SECRET` in your `config.yaml`.
    - The values in the image below are examples and should not actually be used.
        -  ![setup client details](deploy/assets/setup_client_details.png)
6. Get your Twitch ID [here](https://codepen.io/Alca/full/RwaredM).
    - Enter your Twitch username in the `Twitch Login` box, and click **Lookup Login**
    - Your Twitch ID is the 10-digit number that shows underneath your name in the window that pops up, as in the following image (highlighted with the red square).
        - ![setup twitch id](deploy/assets/setup_twitch_id.png)
7. Copy your Twitch ID to `USER_ID` in your `config.yaml`
8. Save `config.yaml`.
9. Run the `.exe`. Go through the Twitch prompts that open on your browser.
10. On OBS, add a Browser source with the URL `http://localhost:5000`. Remove everything in the **Custom CSS** box, and ensure that **Shutdown source when not visible** and **Refresh browser when scene becomes active** are both unchecked. Your source will (or at least should) be blank when added.
11. You are done! Run a poll on your channel (you do not need to be streaming) and see if it shows up on OBS.

# Poll Creator #

![poll creator](deploy/assets/poll_creator.png)

This application also comes with a Poll Creator, which can be accessed at `http://localhost:5000/create` in your browser while the application is running.

You do not have to use this, but it is a handy tool if you want to create and end polls rapidly, saving you the need to type the same thing repeatedly.

# Troubleshooting #

**I ran it for the first time, and it worked, but when I closed it and reopened it a few hours later, I get an Authentication Error!**

If you encounter this issue, delete `twitch_secrets.json` from the files and run the `.exe` again.

If you are having this issue recurringly, set `NEVER_CACHE_TWITCH` to `true` in `config.yaml`. As a side effect, you will have to manually authenticate each time you run.

I have no idea if this is actually still an issue, so if you experience this, please tell me.

Commit message:

clean up obs setup info

README.md, after:

# Twitch Poll Viewer #

View twitch polls on OBS

![poll sample](deploy/assets/poll_sample.png)

---

### WARNING: This application relies on polling Twitch, and is thus unsuitable for running for long periods of time. ###

You should be fine running it for a stream segment that uses a poll or two, or an entire stream dedicated to running polls, but it should not be kept running 24/7, or for every single stream.

### Requirements: ###

1. Twitch Affiliate (to run polls)
2. Twitch 2FA Enabled

# Setup Guide #

**Note:** If you are running another application like the [twitch hue interface](https://github.com/Roadcrosser/channelpoint-hue), some steps may be different. An advanced guide for these cases will be written eventually.

1. Download the latest version of the Twitch Poll Viewer from the [Releases page](https://github.com/Roadcrosser/twitch-poll-viewer/releases) and unzip it somewhere.
2. Open `config.yaml` in a text editor like Notepad (or [Notepad++](https://notepad-plus-plus.org/)). If the file is not present, run the `.exe` file once to generate it.
3. Create a Twitch Application [here](https://dev.twitch.tv/console/apps/create).
    - Your application name has to be unique (much like usernames), so a name like `YOUR_USERNAME_HERE Polls` should be fine
    - Add `http://localhost:17563` under **Oauth Redirect URLs**. Remember to click **Add**
    - Select `Application Integration` as your **Category** (not that it matters).
    - It should look something like the image below. Click **Create** when you are done, and then **Manage** on your application once it is created.
        - ![setup create application](deploy/assets/setup_create_application.png)
4. On your **Manage Application** page, click the **New Secret** button at the bottom and click **OK** on the prompt.
5. Copy your **Client ID** and **Client Secret** values that are displayed on the **Manage Application** page and copy them to `CLIENT_ID` and `CLIENT_SECRET` in your `config.yaml`.
    - The values in the image below are examples and should not actually be used.
        -  ![setup client details](deploy/assets/setup_client_details.png)
6. Get your Twitch ID [here](https://codepen.io/Alca/full/RwaredM).
    - Enter your Twitch username in the `Twitch Login` box, and click **Lookup Login**
    - Your Twitch ID is the 10-digit number that shows underneath your name in the window that pops up, as in the following image (highlighted with the red square).
        - ![setup twitch id](deploy/assets/setup_twitch_id.png)
7. Copy your Twitch ID to `USER_ID` in your `config.yaml`
8. Save `config.yaml`.
9. Run the `.exe`. Go through the Twitch prompts that open on your browser.
10. Set up OBS.
    - Add a Browser source with the URL `http://localhost:5000`.
    - Remove everything in the **Custom CSS** box.
    - Ensure that **Shutdown source when not visible** and **Refresh browser when scene becomes active** are both unchecked.
    - Your source will (or at least should) be blank when added.
    - Optionally, set your **Width** and **Height** to `350` and `400`
    - ![setup obs source](deploy/assets/setup_obs_source.png)
11. You are done! Run a poll on your channel (you do not need to be streaming) and see if it shows up on OBS.

# Poll Creator #

![poll creator](deploy/assets/poll_creator.png)

This application also comes with a Poll Creator, which can be accessed at `http://localhost:5000/create` in your browser while the application is running.

You do not have to use this, but it is a handy tool if you want to create and end polls rapidly, saving you the need to type the same thing repeatedly.

# Troubleshooting #

**I ran it for the first time, and it worked, but when I closed it and reopened it a few hours later, I get an Authentication Error!**

If you encounter this issue, delete `twitch_secrets.json` from the files and run the `.exe` again.

If you are having this issue recurringly, set `NEVER_CACHE_TWITCH` to `true` in `config.yaml`. As a side effect, you will have to manually authenticate each time you run.

I have no idea if this is actually still an issue, so if you experience this, please tell me.
